Macro and microstates. The statistical weight. Entropy. The law of entropy increase.

Macro and microstates.
In physics, a microstate is defined as the arrangement of each molecule in the system at a single instant.
 A macrostate is defined by the macroscopic properties of the system, such as temperature, pressure, volume, etc. 
For each macrostate, there are many microstates which result in the same macrostate.
The key difference between microstate and macrostate is that microstate refers to the microscopic configuration 
of a thermodynamic system, whereas macrostate refers to the macroscopic properties of a thermodynamic system.
2eded sekil in downloads

The statistical weight.
https://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/469948/what-is-the-statisitical-weight-of-a-system
In statistical mechanics, the statistical weight is the relative probability of a particular feature of a state. 
It refers to the configuration entropy of a system. The configuration is the instantaneous arrangement of all the 
particles of the system throughout the distinct energy levels of the system.

Entropy.
What is entropy in simple terms?
The entropy of an object is a measure of the amount of energy which is unavailable to do work. 
Entropy is also a measure of the number of possible arrangements the atoms in a system can have. 
In this sense, entropy is a measure of uncertainty or randomness.
What is entropy explain with example?
Entropy is a measure of the energy dispersal in the system. We see evidence that the universe tends 
toward highest entropy many places in our lives. A campfire is an example of entropy. ... 
Ice melting, salt or sugar dissolving, making popcorn and boiling water for tea are processes with 
increasing entropy in your kitchen.
https://openstax.org/books/physics/pages/12-3-second-law-of-thermodynamics-entropy
Is entropy a law of physics?
The second law of thermodynamics states that the total entropy of a system either increases or 
remains constant in any spontaneous process; it never decreases. ... Heat cannot transfer energy spontaneously 
from colder to hotter, because the entropy of the overall system would decrease.

The law of entropy increase.
This phenomenon is explained by the second law of thermodynamics, which relies on a concept known as entropy. 
Entropy is a measure of the disorder of a system. Entropy also describes how much energy is not available to do work.
 The more disordered a system and higher the entropy, the less of a system's energy is available to do work.

Although all forms of energy can be used to do work, it is not possible to use the entire available energy for work. 
Consequently, not all energy transferred by heat can be converted into work, and some of it is lost in the form of 
waste heat—that is, heat that does not go toward doing work. The unavailability of energy is important in thermodynamics; 
in fact, the field originated from efforts to convert heat to work, as is done by engines.

The equation for the change in entropy, ΔS, is

ΔS=Q/T, where Q is the heat that transfers energy during a process, 
and T is the absolute temperature at which the process takes place.

The second law of thermodynamics states that the total entropy of a system either increases or remains constant 
in any spontaneous process; it never decreases. An important implication of this law is that heat transfers energy 
spontaneously from higher- to lower-temperature objects, but never spontaneously in the reverse direction. 
This is because entropy increases for heat transfer of energy from hot to cold
https://openstax.org/books/physics/pages/12-3-second-law-of-thermodynamics-entropy


 Examples of one-way processes in nature. 
(a) Heat transfer occurs spontaneously from hot to cold, but not from cold to hot. 
(b) The brakes of this car convert its kinetic energy to increase their internal energy (temperature), 
and heat transfers this energy to the environment. The reverse process is impossible. 
(c) The burst of gas released into this vacuum chamber quickly expands to uniformly fill every part of the chamber. 
The random motions of the gas molecules will prevent them from returning altogether to the corner.
 
